Next we're going to cover two of your favorite properties as far as flex box is concerned.
When i say favorite moment you're going to start working on the Flex box.
Trust me you'll going to find them very very useful because they're gonna make your lives much much
more easier.
No one is going to be responsible for horizontal alignment and the other one for vertical alignment
not vertical alignment.
We're going to cover next video and we're going to start with justify content that is responsible for
horizontal alignment.
Now first and foremost I'm going to comment all these generic ones.
You know what maybe I'm gonna change my mind later on and we're gonna demo again.
That's the reason why I'm not deleting them.
I'm just coming thing the mouth.
Just please understand that we still have our boxes and nothing didn't change.
But I like I said maybe I'm going to need these generator boxes so I'm gonna leave them comment and
out instead of deleting them.
No like I said justified content is responsible for horizontal line.
Now again we do have the Flex start.
That is the default one and that's the reason when we set up display Fox while the boxes here are sitting
on the left hand side.
All right.
So if I'm going to do again justify content we're going to start with Flex start.
Notice nothing changes in our layout because again that is the default behavior.
However if we're going to in fact copy and paste that and change it to the Flex and our boxes in fact
are shifted to the right hand side.
Now notice when we used a roll reverse not only we shifted them to the other side to the right hand
side we also flip the ordering correct because one was here and then five was all the way here.
In this case when we're using the Flex and we're only dealing with horizontal line.
So in this case when we have flex start the default one while they were sitting on the left hand side.
Now we shifted them all the way to the right hand side.
So that's the purpose of flex.
And then we have three of them that are dealing with distributing them evenly.
Now when we say evenly there are some caveats to that.
So we're going to cover them one by one.
Let's start first with space between.
So let's write justified content.
And I could have copy and paste it but I guess we can also type it out and let's say space between like
so now what happens with space between the first item and the last item regardless of how many items
you have.
Now I guess we have five but again same would work if we had two of them.
Moreover we have 60 of them.
So the first item is going to sit all the way to the edge of the container as well as the last one is
gonna be on the other side of the container all the way up to the edge of the container.
Then there's going to be space in between the items like so.
Okay just keep this one in mind because next one we have a space around where we're gonna have some
margins.
Again let's copy and paste it instead of space between let's look at space around and as far as space
around is concerned we are adding the margins that are in between the items.
So notice we have the double margin between the item 1 and 2 and 2 and 3 and 4 and 5 because we are
adding here to a margin on the edge.
So the first item is going to have the left margin as well as of course marching in between them like
we had already before.
That's the reason why we have a double because each of the items has this particular margin as well
as the last item as the margin here on the right hand side.
So they're not flush with the container anymore when we use the space around.
And lastly let's copy and paste that where we have space evenly spaced evenly and in this case the margins
are in fact the same.
So the same margin we're going to have here on the edges and the start edge on the and edge as we would
have in between the items.
So that would be the difference.
And this is really up to you.
This is your preference and you know.
I also didn't mention one thing.
My apologies.
There is also justified content and we can go with the center.
Yeah I will apologize.
There's also this one option which by the way is quite common.
So I don't know why I missed that out.
We also have the center where if we go with a center Well I would just place items in the center.
And please understand that regardless of the screen size the layout is not going to change.
So if I went with the center even if my screen size gets massive still I'm going to sit in the center.
If the screen size is small while they're gonna sit here now again please keep in mind we don't have
the Flex wrap.
So in order to wrap them to a next line remember we had a flex we had to flex wrap and we set it equal
to Europe.
Now in this case we're going to wrap the new line.
And since we have the center and that's the reason why we start a new line.
But still we are using this center.
And as far as space around space between space evenly.
Well again it is your preference.
There's gonna be cases where you'd want to have in fact space between.
So let me comment.
All these space evenly and maybe let me make the screen size bigger just so we can for sure see that.
Of course we have this particular layout where there's gonna be cases where you would want this particular
layer where you're going to want to have your first item and last item sitting flush would edge of the
container and then whatever space in between.
However there's also gonna be times when that's not good enough where you're going to say you're not
what I would want all my items to be distributed evenly.
So that's the time when you're going to go with space evenly.
So there's really no right or wrong.
It's mostly your preference just again.
I'm telling you right away that this will be probably one of your favorite ones.
Maybe online content or a line item sorry.
The one we're going to cover next video maybe that is going to top it off.
But two of these the one that we cover right now and the next video is probably going to be your favorite
ones because they really simplify your layouts.
You just need to remember this one property and some values that you like the most and you're good to
go.